Correcting steady state analytical solution in ver-1e (#416)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/verification_and_validation/ver-1e.md

## Analytical solution at steady state

> The steady state solution for the PyC is calculated as:

Reviewer: Usually we use the analytical solution from longhurst1992verification and ambrosek2008verification for a verification existed in TMAP4 and TMAP7. Therefore, we need to explain it with a alert why we don't use analytical solution from longhurst1992verification and ambrosek2008verification.

> The steady state solution for the PyC is calculated as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steady state solution for the PyC is derived from the transient analytical solution with $t = \infty$ in [!cite](li2010analytical) as:
```

    $D_{SiC}$ = diffusivity in SiC (2.622 $\times$ 10$^{-11}$ m$^2$/sec)

!alert warning title=Typo in [!cite](ambrosek2008verification)

> The expressions of the analytical solution for the steady state case in TMAP4 ([!cite](longhurst1992verification)) and TMAP7 ([!cite](ambrosek2008verification)) are inconsistent with the results. To correct this, the limit of the transient solution, from [!cite](li2010analytical) as shown below, as $t = \infty$ is taken to calculate the concentration in the PyC and SiC layers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!alert warning title=Typo in [!cite](ambrosek2008verification) and [!cite](Simon2025)
The expressions of the analytical solution for the steady state case in TMAP4 ([!cite](longhurst1992verification)) and TMAP7 ([!cite](ambrosek2008verification)) and provided in [!cite](Simon2025) are inconsistent with the results and with the transient solution. To correct this, the limit of the transient solution, from [!cite](li2010analytical) as shown below, is taken with $t = \infty$ to calculate the concentration in the PyC and SiC layers at steady-state.
```
